oh my this is a great day my fellow movie addicts
we are growing fast and thank you for your
patronage to our channel today i do have a special
treat to you we will do a recap on a horror
mystery thriller 2021 movie titled the conjuring
the devil made me do it this is a great movie
so now get your own snacks and enjoy warning
heavy spoilers ahead ps snacks are not included
july 18 1981 in the town of brookfield connecticut
ed and lorraine warren are called to the home of
eight-year-old david glatzel who is under the
possession of a demonic entity joining them are
david's parents carl and judy sister debbie and
debbie's boyfriend aaron johnson the home appears
to have already been ransacked by a demonic attack
with a chandelier broken and claw marks scratched
across the walls the group takes a break and aaron
brings david to his room to get some sleep just as
a priest father gordon arrives later david hears
a pounding noise in his room causing him to scream
when everyone runs to check on him david emerges
from the shadows and stabs carl in the leg
ed grabs david and gets lorraine and father gordon
to start with an exorcism the demon causes more
damage to the house and causes david's body to
contort unnaturally while trying to keep things
under control lorraine sees flashes of demonic and
cult-like visions the demon uses david's body to
attack ed in his heart aaron grabs david and talks
to him telling the demon to take him instead which
ed witnesses the chaos stops and david appears to
be cured lorraine rushes to that side as he loses
consciousness the gladsells and arm join lorraine
at the hospital where the doctor tells lorraine
that ed is in a coma and will need to have
more tests done before a final diagnosis can
be given the next morning arn wakes up to see
debbie and tells her that he thinks they should
move out of brookfield despite not having a lot
of money to their names while alone in the house
aaron thinks he sees something moving a cereal
box but it was just a rat inside he then notices
a rotted hole in the wall just before what looks
like an apparition of an old woman grabbing him
and snarling in his face at the hospital lorraine
is visited by father gordon while she continues to
watch over ed she tells father gordon of how they
met in their youth and how ed took her to a gazebo
where they shared their first kiss arn is startled
at his job when he sees another apparition
causing him to be sent home he arrives to
find debbie with their landlord bruno sauls
just as this happens ed wakes up to find
lorraine and their daughter judy by his
side he tells lorraine that the demon is in
iron now she tries to call the glatzel house
but nobody answers because bruno has turned on the
music too loud lorraine then calls the police and
warns them to get to the gladsell house arn feels
more and more unwell seeing what looks like bruno
manhandling debbie arne sees debbie appearing to
run and he goes after her then sees bruno as some
kind of monstrous entity later arn walks down the
road when an officer finds him covered in blood
it is reported that arne stabbed bruno to death
22 times ed and lorraine talked to arn and debbie
while he is an interrogation and debbie defends
arn by saying that whatever happened to bruno
could not have been arne's doing the warrens
talked to aaron's lawyer about trying to get arne
out of receiving a death sentence by trying to
prove that he was influenced by demonic possession
to carry out the murder arn goes to court in
presence the demonic possession claim leading to
him being placed in a psych ward ed and lorraine
go over their recordings on david's possessions
based on family statements the trouble began five
months earlier when the gladsells first moved into
their house david went to check out the waterbed
and played on it until the demon broke through the
mattress and tried to grab david when talking to
debbie they find that there is a rug where the bed
used to be followed by rotting wood previously
thought to be the result of water damage
lorraine goes under the house into the cellar
and discovers a witch's totem the warrens
believe that this is the work of a cult they
enlist the aid of drew in their investigation
at father gordon's suggestion the warrens visit
a former priest named kastner who brought down
a cult called the disciples of the ram they show
kastner the picture of the totem which he knows
is the work of a satanist he leads them down to
his basement where he has lots of mementos from
the ram cult he claims that the prosecutor on
their case suffered after finding them guilty
when his baby was born premature with his heart
outside his body and his wife committed suicide
months later at the psych ward arn is mopping
the floor when it appears that a nearby patient
is possessed and sings call me to him that song
was playing when he killed bruno then before
eventually being knocked down by the entity
and having to be sedated by the orderlies
drew calls the warrens and tells them to head to
danvers massachusetts to talk to sergeant clay
he tells them about the disappearance of teenage
best friends jessica strong and katie lincoln
katie was stabbed 22 times as well and jessica
was never found but a totem just like the one
at the glatzel house was recovered from the crime
scene clay initially refuses to allow the warrens
to check into the case file until lorraine proves
her clairvoyant abilities to clay in front of the
other officers debbie and david visit arn
where he describes what he has been feeling
david knows it completely and causes them to
realize that the same thing the god david is
what is plaguing iron right now clay drives the
warrens to the site in the woods where the girls
disappeared lorraine finds the spot where
a possessed jessica started stabbing katie
but the connection makes lorraine mimic it
to the point where ed must get her to stop
lorraine follows her vision where she chases
katie to the edge of a cliff a demon hand pulls
lorraine down but ed catches her and pulls her
up lorraine tells him and clay that jessica must
be at the bottom of the river after falling over
a recovery team goes by and indeed finds a body
debbie calls the warrens and tells them that
the demon is trying to make aaron kill himself
as ed tells her to alert the staff to put aaron
on suicide watch an eerie screeching noise is
heard over the phone meanwhile arn is given
a vial of holy water by someone in the prison
and when he starts seeing visions he pours a
circle around himself ed and lorraine break
into the funeral home to find jessica's corpse
lorraine takes her hand and enters the connection
finding herself in what appears to be a dark
basement with black candles and occult books
she finds the occultist woman that arne saw
earlier just as she is attempting to possess
iron into slashing his wrists lorraine stops this
and guards fine darn the occultist acknowledges
lorraine and gets a large man's corpse to come
alive ed pulls lorraine away from jessica's hand
to sever the connection and stopping the big
corpse from attacking however lorraine tells ed
that the woman now knows who they are the warrens
meet with debbie and vertigo over more research
they connected the curse between the two murders
as the occultists got the totems in the possession
of both parties involved which led to the
possessed committing a murder jessica to katie
arne to bruno before the murderer ended up killing
themselves to break the curse one must destroy
the altar upon which it was placed and lorraine
knows that the occultist must finish the curse
for the sake of her own soul just as ed tries
to find the connection between the victims
he passes out again when he wakes up the occultist
projects herself to him and threatens him the
naked fat corpse attacks again and when it goes
after him he finds that he was almost attacking
lorraine they realized that the occultists set
something up for her to invade the space and they
uncover a totem inside of ace with rotted flowers
upon further investigation ed andrew learned that
jessica got her totem in a box from her school
fairfield university leading ed to realize
that the occultist works near there at the same
time lorraine goes to visit castner for help again
she follows him into the basement where he
reveals that he had a secret daughter isla
who is the occultist in trying to prevent her from
being drawn into the occult he got her interested
kastner informs lorraine that there is a tunnel
under the house where isla used to play which
is where the altar may be located lorraine then
hears footsteps and realizes isla is in the house
lorraine goes to find the tunnel while isla finds
kastner and slits his throat father newman is
with debbie at arn's side although he feels isla's
presence just as lorraine discovers the altar isla
prepares to bring the curse to its conclusion ed
then rushes to the house and goes to find lorraine
only for isla to find him and blow powder into
his face possessing him and making him go into a
rage trying to swing a sledgehammer at lorraine as
this happens arn's possession gets out of control
causing the windows in the ward to break
and release him from his restraints
he starts floating and grabs a glass shard to try
and slash his throat but debbie holds his arm down
lorraine gets dirty dead reminding him of their
love and saying that isla thinks love is their
weakness but it is their strength ed breaks
free of the possession and smashes the altar
freeing aren from his possession isla attempts
to finish the warrens off herself but it is too
late for her and her demon master comes to
take her soul to hell painfully contorting
isla's body until she is a mere shell ed brings
the altar chalice down into the warren museum
of course with cameos from annabelle and valak
they then join debbie at the courthouse as arn's
trial goes underway arm was found guilty of
manslaughter and served five years in prison
he married debbie while incarcerated and they are
still married to this day the final scene shows ed
bringing lorraine to a gazebo he built in honor
of the memory from when they were first dating
thank you for viewing our movie recapped i
hope you have enjoyed watching our videos
please like and share the video and
subscribe to our channel to help us grow
click the notification bell so you will
be notified when we upload our next videos